min
m
Today it is
Woeste European football calendar day the final of the UEFA Champions
League
this is great and even with Hansi Küpper when I play the game
commented
now the oil companies
but already on the way down there would be no evidence
the two twin towers not that we were here something new car
already in its interior
the formation of the two teams 0 0
The investors of the two teams are looking forward to their shops as if it was not a morning
give
the purpose is for the first time
Hardy made his decision on the shield software
Ute and 000 people only 90 minutes natural coalition in
Berlin
Munich ddp bay
neither of the two teams could score the crucial goal with their friend
it is said
Penalties 7000 spectators to say exactly this year are
Getting fit again would be important if he transforms important
for the Dortmund colleagues
well way and he kept the ball from the keeper
"I do not know to what extent the goalkeeper cheat sheet in advance
was informed but he has just the right idea
The ball passed in the box
Andrae Forsten
The goalkeeper was already beaten but here he had the luck of
clever
no problem for the goalkeeper
he tries the snotty in the middle but the goalkeeper had the protect
apparently studied carefully
and should be considered no problems
advises Kitz pushed left corner
incredible after such a great parade on the ground
The Cyber ​​Games now apparently studied closely and so in this duel the
Keep your upper hand
but real took the hint over
and again brilliantly parry from the Dolder
It's always a risky thing to shoot in the middle, says the goalkeeper
stand like this
then he lowers the ball with his cap
magnificent parade
You always say a goalkeeper does not necessarily have to hold a penalty here
He was, however, defending himself he makes BP receives
it's a pretty upset
Here comes the goalkeeper to be on the scales
If he is now himself everything is over and he can become indirect
the Icelanders and it goes on
everything back up and listen to the scenery they are 46
but real took the hint over
if he fails then there out
he skin neither a deep breath of his crew
because the goalkeeper does not arrive at the barrier
it is the first one that would have violated
if he called the fish it
last was and we still live as we wish
he is a so-called natural Born liege but who he holds on the shipyards
from pop
Robert Neuber is in the wrong corner
and he himself is then Wars for her
even they were and still live as they want
the ball is set
we were completely alone epd
he makes detail
later, the milk should be up
so and now it is called goalie they are on site
are allowed over
he can not believe that cheaper the worst time he does not look up
the ground
and is completely finished
Eventually bursting there threw
they have to take Europe by storm
the animals and allowed them to act football but to play short dresses other bands
keep up
the goal is the best
what European football has to offer
and she did it, our celebrities are celebrating her
he was supposed to be the picture
These problems are probably no better place in the world that is
experiencing everything is just great
this competition has lost nothing of its fascination
One would like to be with the players
they are neither in the Rue de Bercy again
I will never repeat that moment
because they do not move
Anni Friesinger
this is the summer break opposite the picture
Vienna
next to JEM